Serenna Beers: Good morning.
Kennerh Blaine: Good.
Serenna Beers: Morning.
Kennerh Blaine: Good morning.
Serenna Beers: How are ya.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, how about yourself.
Serenna Beers: I'm pretty good for a Thursday, whatever that means.
Kennerh Blaine: You get
Serenna Beers: A yes I did my my office is still kind of in in in boxes. I'll probably get to that this weekend. So for right now, I've kind of got myself set up in the living room. It's nice. Got a fire going. Fun stuff.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, we're asking
So,
Serenna Beers: How are you, how are you doing with the whole stay at home thing.
Serenna Beers: Is that had any any any impact on you emotionally
Kennerh Blaine: No, not really because I i really don't stay home and log
Kennerh Blaine: In, you know, we're out on the lake for a week and then I've been going down to my parents house and remodeling.
Serenna Beers: So that's nice.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, there's not a lot of just sitting around
Serenna Beers: Well, that's good. Cuz some some some folks I think are really struggling, struggling with it.
Serenna Beers: You know, but at least we can get out and do walks and stuff. And, you know, physical health is really important, especially for anybody who struggled, you know, with trauma and stuff like that. I mean, just getting
Serenna Beers: Getting your body active and your and your, your mind active is really huge you know
Kennerh Blaine: I agree.
Kennerh Blaine: Now, are you a primary drug and alcohol counselor or a primary mental health counselor.
Serenna Beers: So I so I am both. I am a licensed for both. I am a mental health counselor, as well as a substance abuse.
Serenna Beers: I've worked primarily with substance use disorders because of where I lived.
Serenna Beers: But, but, quite honestly. I mean, they really go hand in hand. I don't know any recovering addict. That doesn't that doesn't have some sort of trauma trauma trauma, but
Serenna Beers: My, my, my specialty. My focus my higher education is really around trauma and like I had shared with the group.
Serenna Beers: Experience wise as well is is is what got me is what led me to become more educated with mental health because there's such a
Serenna Beers: There's such a shortage of help. I mean there is never going to be a time for somebody in my background to find work because, I mean, there are so many
Serenna Beers: undiagnosed mental health folks as well as there's so much out there, especially in this day and age in this world and how how it is. A lot of times people just really don't know what
Serenna Beers: To do with it and so
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so I primarily at this point, it seems like I'm doing more work around mental health because of my specialty and
Serenna Beers: In trauma trauma, which, which I love. I mean that's honestly where my passion lies. And so when I had this opportunity to really use my skills. I was, I was pretty pretty excited about it. So,
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, um, the reason I ask is my other accounts for Gabby wasn't sure.
Kennerh Blaine: I would pay for to mental health counselors show
Kennerh Blaine: Oh no, how that all works out. But I guess if it's not
Kennerh Blaine: If Medicare doesn't say anything, then I'm not gonna say anything until they
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Serenna Beers: Well, I don't want to speak out of turn and I can
Serenna Beers: Follow, follow up on that, because that really is a good
Serenna Beers: Question, but I know that there's certain billing codes that you bill for under em, Dr. And so I think as long as the billing code is differently than there's no reason why they
Kennerh Blaine: They wouldn't pay for it because it is a
Serenna Beers: Specialty service. And so they the builders, thank God they know what what coding to Bill under so I don't believe that.
Serenna Beers: That's even going to
Serenna Beers: Be an issue for you, but I will follow up because now I want to know, but but i i feel like
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: That would be the that would be what would happen, that would be. That's not very good English. I believe that's how they would kind of
Serenna Beers: Formulate it it would fall under a different category because it is a specialty
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, good.
Serenna Beers: So specifically, what I want to kind of go over with you today, in which I which I take notes for is just one. I just want to go into more specifics with you you know i i did share a little bit with it.
Serenna Beers: Within the group setting.
Serenna Beers: But there's, I need to scoot up so I can see your face more because I am blind, even with glasses on.
Kennerh Blaine: I just want my computer.
Serenna Beers: Oh, awesome. Thanks. There is more. You know, there's more specifics that I like to go over with, with folks.
Serenna Beers: If they're going to go through em, Dr. You know, there's I go over the the protocol with you. Specifically, and then and then you, you, you and I identify
Serenna Beers: I like to start with the five most
Serenna Beers: Five most disturbing events and then we rate them and then I kind of explained to you what to expect. And then our next session is when we go for it. Does that make sense.
Kennerh Blaine: Yes, it does. Okay.
Serenna Beers: And so one of the things that I do want to make sure that you understand is when we begin the actual work and we start doing the bilateral stimulation. It's going to be really
Serenna Beers: Important that you are in an area in in in an area where it's quiet and where you're not distracted. Like there's no no one walking around or anything, because when you begin to
Serenna Beers: Follow the wand and do the bilateral stimulation to be interrupted kind of interrupts that process. And it's really important for the
Serenna Beers: Advocacy that that it not be interrupted. You know what I mean.
Kennerh Blaine: Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay, perfect. Let me see. I don't know if I can share my screen. I want to see if there we go. So I'm going to share my screen with you and just kind of go over these steps. So part of what what we're
Serenna Beers: Doing OKay. Right. Right. Now, are you able to see all that
Kennerh Blaine: I am
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, wonderful. I'll have to scroll up
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I'm part of the. Oh, it looks like I have a typo. Okay, anyway.
Serenna Beers: The preparation is just basically for you to prepare yourself. And so like I just shared with you finding a really
Serenna Beers: Set cured suitable place and that you're setting aside that that time where you know you know you won't have the dog won't come in or the wife won't come come in, it's just
Kennerh Blaine: Just for you to
Serenna Beers: Not be disturbed and then we identify the nature of the issue, which is which is part of the the work that you and I are going to do in this session.
Serenna Beers: You know, and then we kind of talk about it, but specifically when we go go over the
Serenna Beers: The top five. What I don't want to have to have you do, though, is go into the specifics. And the reason why that I want to just kind of keep it to the
Serenna Beers: Bullet points and then kind of like a specific yes and no questions is, because I don't want to actually activate you until we're getting ready to go through it because when I activate
Serenna Beers: Yeah, because if you start to like, share with me and go into the store story part then your brain is doing the same thing that it's always done. So you're talking about it.
Serenna Beers: All the while it's part of your trauma, your brain will naturally push it down or become more
Serenna Beers: Emotionally over reactive and what we want to do is when when we go through the story the event that's when we want to be doing the bilateral stimulation, because that's how your brains gonna going to desensitize itself is through that process. Does that make sense.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, okay. Uh huh.
Serenna Beers: So, and, and then we'll, we'll specifically pinpoint the exact memory that is causing you pain so that we can effectively address it. And what I mean by that is you know there's there's an event and like I shared with the group, you know that.
Serenna Beers: The, the whole event around my mom's death was pretty traumatic.
Serenna Beers: But the specific target that that bothered me for years and years and years that I had the intrude terms of memories with and all that was that.
Serenna Beers: Moment when I was sitting on the steps and my dad comes rolling up in in the car and but I don't see my mom. So that would be like this specific target that's that memory that that core memory.
Serenna Beers: Out of the whole event that stood stood out and had caused me pain for all of those years. So we're going to find
Serenna Beers: That that target now on the next part where it says target selection is one of the most critical steps in EM Dr. It is because, again, it's that heightened part of that event that continues to to kind of like loop itself, it goes around and a loop and a loop and a loop.
Serenna Beers: And and here it says 10 most traumatic memories and 10 most faith 10 most fate fate favorable
Serenna Beers: The reason why I want to start with five
Serenna Beers: Your, your top five is because most often in EM Dr.
Serenna Beers: When you begin doing the work by it, but by about the third or fourth memory and this has been really
Serenna Beers: Consistent and all the patients that I've done, em, Dr. With by about the fourth or fifth memory.
Serenna Beers: The other ones that used to be as disturbing just just kind of dissipate. Like, it's not as disturbing there, your, your, your brain starts to do the work on its own. And that's exactly what we want.
Serenna Beers: And the part about
Serenna Beers: The favorable memories is just really for me to be able to pull from it's it's doing what's called a cognitive inner
Serenna Beers: Inner weave and what that entails is let's say that you bring up a traumatic memory and you really become activated and you you you become stuck.
Serenna Beers: Meaning your brain is kind of going, Yeah, I'm pretty comfortable with this trauma. I think I'm just not going to process it, which is very common.
Serenna Beers: I can pull from those those favorable memories and interweave it to the negative to be able to help
Serenna Beers: Help that Pat pattern be broken. So I it's me trying to pull from the positive to to instill to kind of move the negative aside so that your brain doesn't doesn't feel so over loaded and it, it kind of
Serenna Beers: unstick itself for for lack of better terms.
Serenna Beers: And so this is a step by step process in which you'll describe from start to finish the specific details of that memory, including like any visual images that you
Serenna Beers: Notice any sounds feelings physical sin.
Serenna Beers: Stations because that trauma gets lodged in your nervous system.
Serenna Beers: It's quite common again for that to be associated with, you know, whether like you start to feel a stomach ache coming on, even during the process of doing the the bilateral stimulation
Serenna Beers: You might start to feel, you know, sadness, or you might start to feel anger. I mean, it's really common, common for you to associate that event with various parts of images feelings sights and sounds. Okay.
Serenna Beers: And then
Serenna Beers: You know, every traumatic event.
Serenna Beers: Is attached to a name a negative disempowering belief about yourself, you know, for, for, for me, that memory of my mom.
Serenna Beers: Was, you know,
Serenna Beers: I'm never I'm never gonna, I'm never going to be loved. Again, you know,
Serenna Beers: I felt unlovable.
Kennerh Blaine: Because
Serenna Beers: At the point that my mom had died.
Serenna Beers: And I kind of took
Serenna Beers: Over because I was
Serenna Beers: The oldest girl of the fam family, all of a sudden, while all my siblings went out and played. I was in the house, making dinner. I was doing the cleaning
Serenna Beers: I became like I took over that that that that role. So I felt like I just wasn't worthy of love. I was just kind of a slave. That's how kind of how I felt.
Serenna Beers: And so I also had that that
Serenna Beers: Feeling of I will never be normal again and hence why I use that as an egg sample because I really felt like I was cheated of my childhood and I resented my dad for 20 plus years. So you can imagine, you know, to, to work through that traumatic event and to replace that I will never be
Serenna Beers: Normal
Serenna Beers: Again with I did the best that I could with with what I had. Or, you know, I am lovable. This is a normal thing because I really felt like I was not a normal kid like this didn't happen to others. When in reality, I'm there's thousands and millions of
Serenna Beers: Kids that have lost their
Serenna Beers: Parents at a young age. So then once we identify that negative cognition that you have attached to that traumatic event.
Serenna Beers: Then comes the work, then we start the desensitization and the desensitization of which, when we start this work. I'm going to be in a different room with a different background so that way you're able to see this light. Can you see this light.
Kennerh Blaine: Yep.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so it's much brighter hang on there. There we go. You see it, it's much brighter when
Serenna Beers: I'm when I'm in a different background, but I just basically I follow it like this and you follow it and then you know you
Kennerh Blaine: You tap using your hands.
Serenna Beers: Like, like I shared and you'll tap with me simultaneously while I move the one and then you will begin to share that traumatic event from start to finish. All the while,
Serenna Beers: I'll like stop at certain times. And this is also where I really pay attention to your body language. I look at your eyes I I I I asked you, things like where do you feel it in in your body.
Serenna Beers: And so this is this is where you would say, you know, I feel
Serenna Beers: I mean, I've heard things like my fingers feel tingly. My I have a stomachache. I have a lump in my throat. I mean,
Serenna Beers: The traumas really weird. I mean, it hits people very differently. And so that's where you'll share what's happening to you fit bit physically
Serenna Beers: And so within that as you're doing the bilateral stimulation. We basically move the trauma down and out. So I'll have you do, I'll have you do described to me. Basically what you feel. What you see what you hear, until we get the disturbance level.
Serenna Beers: Of which
Serenna Beers: At the beginning, I forgot this part, I
Serenna Beers: I asked you to rate it. So when I activate you when when I say tell me about this event. More specifically,
Serenna Beers: The goal of that is
Serenna Beers: Is to activate you because I want to bring your disturbance
Serenna Beers: Level up as high as I can so that we can desensitize you all the way and it's not because I like to see you in pain that I'm going to poke and prod to add to
Serenna Beers: Its it's so that we can do the most effective work and how we do the most effective work is by myself really activating you and pushing that trauma button for lack of better terms.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so I usually use the wand for about 10 minutes give or take. There's times when I've actually done a consistent wand. I've done bilateral steam you
Serenna Beers: leyshon back and forth like 100 times because the disturbance level.
Serenna Beers: Was so high, I and I'll keep going. As long as you can, can handle it. Okay.
Serenna Beers: And then adding and then after each each round, I will stop. I'll have you breathe in and and and I'll and I'll guide you through that. So you'll breathe in everything positive
Serenna Beers: The positive cognition that we identify that that you identify and you'll breathe out all those Nate. Nate negative things. And so it's kind of like we're basically going to work all aspects of your mind and body and how this has impacted you
Serenna Beers: And then the installation part. This is my, my, my favorite part. And the reason it's my, my favorite part one as a therapist and to when I went through this is because this is where we get to replace
Serenna Beers: The intensity of the negative motion of the negative emotions with the positive and empowering beliefs that maybe you want to feel so like if my feeling is, I'm not good enough. I want to feel like I'm good enough. I mean, I don't want to sit in that yucky.
Kennerh Blaine: Thought and
Serenna Beers: I I'm not good enough. So we do the installation part and with the installation. The ones motion will change. So while we kind of go like this with the negative. Right.
Serenna Beers: And it'll honestly you really will be able to see the one better in when when there's
Serenna Beers: A darker background with the installation. It goes faster. So you'd go faster. And that's like basically
Serenna Beers: The slower pace. We open. Yep, for lack of better terms we unlock the trauma box and then with the faster. We're kind of closing it down. Right. And so we in do the installation until you feel yourself.
Serenna Beers: Kind of back to a homeopath spaces place so you feel more balanced your body feels better your mind feels better your overall sense of
Serenna Beers: Of
Serenna Beers: Negative emotions and feelings that are were associated with that event feel more stabilized. Does that make sense.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay. Uh huh.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And so then the closing part, um,
Serenna Beers: Basically, your brain is going to experience high stimulation, especially to your
Serenna Beers: Nervous system. So, I mean there. I don't want to put ideas in your head, because I don't want you to build a construct memory around it, or a construct thought
Serenna Beers: Because this really is an individual experience, but just, just to kind of share a couple. The most common thread is my feet and hands feel tingly. I cannot tell you
Serenna Beers: The hundreds of times that I've heard that at the end of it, and they almost feel kind of floaty almost feel like like they're drunk without the booze.
Serenna Beers: But it makes sense because we're
Serenna Beers: We're doing intense stimulation to your brain by you.
Serenna Beers: By by activating left and right brain back and forth, right, which is initiating rim and so
Serenna Beers: In closing, one of the things that I will ask you
Serenna Beers: To do is to just kind of notice that stuff because the the end our processing continues even post session. So you could feel the effects of it. Gosh, for up
Serenna Beers: For up to the next 24 hours, you might feel kind of like
Serenna Beers: foggy. You might feel very kind of like, like you're kind of walking around in a daze which I just want you to know is pretty pretty standard does all this make make sense.
Kennerh Blaine: It is
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, we had
Kennerh Blaine: I had started this with Gabby.
Kennerh Blaine: And then all of the, you know, we're no longer allowed to go to the county buildings so okay right now we just check in by phone.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: So some of this i i
Kennerh Blaine: I barely heard off we practice it very, very little.
Serenna Beers: But okay um
Kennerh Blaine: I want to do anything that's going to help
Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, well, now that we've gone over the steps and i think i mean this is really in an important piece because
Serenna Beers: If you don't understand, you know, what's what, what we're doing. It's, it seems to me that it's more difficult.
Serenna Beers: For you to be more open minded about it because like I said, I think I mentioned in in the group.
Serenna Beers: It's very important that I have your buy in that you understand that the work that we're
Serenna Beers: Doing one is real to is effective and three is actually going to help you. I mean, you know, if I was going through the motions and I didn't understand something, how am I really going to be fully Oh, open to what the benefits could could actually be right.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so why don't we start with, and I want to reiterate, I don't want you to go into the story because I don't want to activate you until we're ready to do the work. So give me kind of
Serenna Beers: Sure. A brief snapshot of
Serenna Beers: What, what you want to work on.
Kennerh Blaine: Um, I'm
Kennerh Blaine: Going to my anger.
Kennerh Blaine: Because of the
Kennerh Blaine: molest
Kennerh Blaine: Um, let me
Kennerh Blaine: Have you stopped being sad.
Serenna Beers: And just really quick.
Serenna Beers: Can you tell me who who was responsible for that.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah yeah
Kennerh Blaine: His name was wanting it was back in
Serenna Beers: 6465 Boy, that's a long time to carry that around.
Kennerh Blaine: And that's BS.
Kennerh Blaine: And it continues to
Kennerh Blaine: Come back up and affect my life in all aspects.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Would you say
Serenna Beers: If I were to ask you to rate it on a scale of zero to 10 where 10 is the highest disturbance zero is
Serenna Beers: None
Serenna Beers: Obviously, it's not that. But how would you rate it just just
Serenna Beers: Just your, your first thought.
Kennerh Blaine: Nine.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: And is there another one.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, my father, leaving home for war.
Kennerh Blaine: He would be gone for a couple of years at a time.
Kennerh Blaine: Up until he got out when I was 14
Kennerh Blaine: So having for a year, maybe year and a half, they made shipped out for a couple of years.
Kennerh Blaine: All through the you know the Vietnam War.
Serenna Beers: And
Serenna Beers: On a scale of zero to 10
Serenna Beers: How would you rate that
Kennerh Blaine: Can okay
Serenna Beers: Do you have another one.
Kennerh Blaine: Having my son, taken from me on his sixth birthday.
Kennerh Blaine: Which was deserved.
Serenna Beers: But there's just the pain or pain around that.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: And
Serenna Beers: Just briefly why was he taken away.
Kennerh Blaine: My drug addiction.
Kennerh Blaine: I had, I had lymphoma cancer and
Kennerh Blaine: Then I was shooting large quantities of heroin and speed and
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: It wasn't very nice home life one
Sure.
Serenna Beers: Okay scale of zero to
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: And do you have another one.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah. Actually, my son molesting a six year old boy in my house when I was 14
Serenna Beers: On a scale of zero to 10
Serenna Beers: Can I have your rating.
Serenna Beers: All right, give me. Do you have a fifth one
Kennerh Blaine: I don't think so.
Kennerh Blaine: Well, I know I do.
Kennerh Blaine: My parents into a
Kennerh Blaine: Home and memory care.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: When did that happen.
Kennerh Blaine: Nine months ago.
Serenna Beers: That's pretty fresh then
Kennerh Blaine: Yes.
Serenna Beers: Tell me on
Serenna Beers: a scale of zero to 1010
Serenna Beers: So, oh,
Serenna Beers: That's right. So give me. Give me, give me your, your top five.
Serenna Beers: Fake, fake favorable moments. I mean, give me your top five favorable moments or memories and with this, if
Serenna Beers: If you want to describe it a little bit more, that's fine because
Serenna Beers: There's, it's not a negative, so it's not going to
Serenna Beers: Activate you, if anything, it'll create
Serenna Beers: positivity and that is really where we want your brain to naturally gravitate to. We want it to become more adaptive
Serenna Beers: Versus map, map maladaptive
Kennerh Blaine: Oh,
Kennerh Blaine: Sure.
Kennerh Blaine: Um,
Kennerh Blaine: Well, the first one is fishing with my dad.
Serenna Beers: Can you identify
A specific trip.
Kennerh Blaine: That stands out to you.
Kennerh Blaine: We were living in San Diego area. Uh huh. Okay. We were living in San Diego area and
Kennerh Blaine: I got a 14 pound halibut
Kennerh Blaine: Me.
Serenna Beers: And you were how old
Kennerh Blaine: I must have been about eight
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, give me another one.
Kennerh Blaine: Able to take my
Kennerh Blaine: Big Rig
Kennerh Blaine: Unload some local where I strong
Are you a truck driver.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, was was
Retired
Serenna Beers: And you said, take your mom in the big rig to deliver some straw.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, right. Strong
Serenna Beers: Rice draw to do
Kennerh Blaine: How down by all of her all of her
Serenna Beers: I know where that's at. And when was this
Kennerh Blaine: That was probably five years ago.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: And then another one.
Kennerh Blaine: Going down the
Kennerh Blaine: Middle Salmon River with my dad.
Serenna Beers: 1111 years ago.
Kennerh Blaine: So listen to your heart.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
You have another one.
Kennerh Blaine: I do married my wife Dina
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's nice.
Serenna Beers: How long have you been married for
Kennerh Blaine: We just celebrated three years. That's why I was gone last week.
Serenna Beers: Remember we are. That's right, anniversary. That's right.
Serenna Beers: That's right. That's right. You guys went on a boat right
Kennerh Blaine: houseboat yeah
Serenna Beers: How
Serenna Beers: How was that trip was
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, it was absolutely wonderful.
Serenna Beers: Was it
Serenna Beers: That's so great.
Kennerh Blaine: Um, it rains. Some days, but we just laid in bed and
Kennerh Blaine: Listen to the rain and then when we're able to, we went out fishing and caught fish.
Kennerh Blaine: So it was
Kennerh Blaine: It was extremely nice
Serenna Beers: That's right.
Serenna Beers: Okay, give me one more happy memory.
Kennerh Blaine: Probably buying my house in Orland
Serenna Beers: And how long ago was that again.
Kennerh Blaine: 13 years ago.
Kennerh Blaine: We were always
Serenna Beers: Was, was it specifically around buying your house because it was something that
Serenna Beers: Made you feel accomplished was
Serenna Beers: What what what created
Serenna Beers: That that happiness.
Around that
Kennerh Blaine: Um, my mom and the plan and already been when my mom was unable to care for herself that she would come live with me.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: And so I found a five bedroom house on an acre property.
Kennerh Blaine: And so she lived with me for
Kennerh Blaine: Two and a half years until and just medical got to where I was unable to care for her. The way she needed to be care for. Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Last
Serenna Beers: Okay, so really quick because
Serenna Beers: I I failed to mention a very important component
Serenna Beers: Is establishing a calm place. So one of the things that we close with so i i i pulled from these happy memories in the event that you become so activated and that you become stuck. I use it as a way to interweave it with with with the work that we do.
Serenna Beers: But then I also need for you to to establish a calm place but within this calm place there cannot be what we call an EMT our world any pop pollution, so like if you have
Serenna Beers: Your calm your comp places for eggs example on a river, listening to the crickets at night, whatever. But within that calm place if that memory or that image remote brings up a negative
Serenna Beers: A negative emotion or any type of Nate negativity, if that is attached with any polluted memories, then that won't work for a calm place because you're that that's something that your that your brain will attach itself to. Does that make sense.
Kennerh Blaine: It does.
Serenna Beers: Okay perfect, so tell me what your comp places.
Serenna Beers: That we're going to be able to
View.
Kennerh Blaine: Going down the
Kennerh Blaine: Middle Fork.
Kennerh Blaine: With my dad. It was a professional raft trip Him done 18 years in a row. And so he and I finally got to do one and it was
Kennerh Blaine: It was gorgeous. It was fun.
Kennerh Blaine: And he had a good time.
Serenna Beers: That's cool.
Serenna Beers: That's really cool.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, so, um, one of the things that I like to do with folks is before we start the intense work. And the reason that I say that with with you, especially, I mean I don't always have to do this step.
Serenna Beers: But when I see a lot of high ratings like I see with you. I mean, there's you know you you have one five. You have to 10s and two nines. So it's important that we build what's called your ego strength. So I like to do
Serenna Beers: didactic re resourcing and so that's just where you're you're following the one we're stimulating left brain, right brain, but it's all about positive. So we're installing positive. So we're building your
Serenna Beers: Your eat your ego strength to prepare you for the work that we're going to do, where you're bringing up all that yucky stuff, you know,
Serenna Beers: And so with our with our first session.
Serenna Beers: That's what that's going to be about. So we're going to do the wand. But we're also going to install positive cog mission. So you're, you're going to fall. Follow the wand and
Serenna Beers: Whether you describe a favorite movie star that you really look up to. I mean, some anomaly say say that because it's just an example and mine was Sandra Bullock.
Serenna Beers: You know, I talked about during my dot dot diabetic re sourcing because I there. There were so many things that I admired about her and
Serenna Beers: You know when when we see things in others that we really like it's really just a mirror of ourselves. And the same thing with negative stuff like if I think to myself,
Serenna Beers: What would it be, gosh, why is she so rude or, you know, I have it when I had issues with someone, it's usually something that I spot you know that that expression you spot it. You got it. It's the same
Serenna Beers: For positive and negative
Serenna Beers: So we're going to take any positivity, whether it's from an author of a book or maybe a family member that you've looked up to, or maybe just something you just want to find within yourself.
Serenna Beers: And we just do the work around that. And so we start your brain with positive diabetic resourcing and then we move right into one of the trauma memories.
Serenna Beers: So did this all makes sense to you because I've talked a lot
Kennerh Blaine: It.
Kennerh Blaine: Really has
Kennerh Blaine: Okay. Um, so
Serenna Beers: You're frozen.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm frozen.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, no.
Serenna Beers: We are not
Serenna Beers: So this really makes sense to you.
Serenna Beers: It does. It really does. Okay, great. And so
It's
Kennerh Blaine: Good to have it out and good and
That's
Serenna Beers: You know what, that's a great way to explain it.
Serenna Beers: So,
Serenna Beers: Um, let me take a look
Serenna Beers: At my calendar.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Um,
Kennerh Blaine: And then I have to be willing to do the work.
Right.
Kennerh Blaine: Which I am
Serenna Beers: So great.
Serenna Beers: Okay, where is there it is.
Serenna Beers: Do you like the early mornings better than the later afternoons.
Kennerh Blaine: I do
Serenna Beers: Okay, so let's go with
Serenna Beers: Okay, right now on my schedule. I had to have it at the same time ATM. If you want to do that for Thursday for next Thursday.
Serenna Beers: Absolutely. Okay, so I'm going to mark that down on my calendar. I'm also going to shoot a message to the to the virtual clinic and there they are really, really good about when I asked them to put
Serenna Beers: Something down on my schedule, they usually get it done within within like then within an hour. So that's cool. So I'll let them know to mark you down for the, the 16th for next Thursday. And then we will get going.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Sounds like a plan.
Kennerh Blaine: It does.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, yeah. Every time I call them Monday when we get off the lake and I got real good cell service. You know, like I call them and
Kennerh Blaine: They just told me that I missed my my doctor me and I told him that that was pre planned.
Kennerh Blaine: And I'd let them know a couple weeks in advance that that was going to happen.
Kennerh Blaine: Uh huh. Um, and I just want that clear that I didn't just flake. The
Kennerh Blaine: Group off, it was
Kennerh Blaine: Well, and an advanced
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, what I'll do is
Serenna Beers: Would you like me to shoot a message to your therapist.
Kennerh Blaine: You are my therapist.
Serenna Beers: Oh, well, I'm your em. Oh, you know, what am I, you're standing one. So, this wasn't a referral. Oh my goodness.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Oh, goodness. I apologize if I'm a
Kennerh Blaine: Me see. Well, I thought that wonderful watch
Serenna Beers: Let me double check because you very well might be. But I sometimes do groups with other physicians who have
Serenna Beers: Patients who have another
Serenna Beers: Therapist and I sometimes work with other therapists patients 4444 4am Dr. So I just wanted just to double check to make sure that I was actually assigned to you, which would even be better. That would be cool.
Serenna Beers: Yep, I sure him. Nice.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Alright.
Serenna Beers: So for some reason I thought that this was
Serenna Beers: A reefer for referrals. So I want to make sure that the EMT the FDR was something that you wanted to work on with me. Right. I mean, that's kind of where our goals were way when I meet with you is to work with you around that. Right.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Because I just, okay, because, because I do some in individual sessions that have nothing to do with em, Dr. But I believe I remember you specifically during our group, saying, I want to do this right
Kennerh Blaine: Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay, great.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, we're on the same page so I don't need to let your therapist know because I know now, and I do remember you saying that. And so, but Dr. L. Dr. Ella DAG did too, because I think that we had talked about you trying to do your best.
Serenna Beers: To get
Serenna Beers: But then if you
Serenna Beers: Okay. Yeah. So I think, I think, I think you are all good there.
Serenna Beers: So do you have any questions for me and
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, I just want to make sure
Kennerh Blaine: You know, I don't think so. I'm not looking forward to working with you and
Kennerh Blaine: Didn't some of this stuff figured out in my head.
Serenna Beers: That's great.
Serenna Beers: And I am
Kennerh Blaine: Too as well more
Serenna Beers: Well, uh, you know, it's
Serenna Beers: Like I shared
Serenna Beers: We're working through some of my trauma, you know, and there was obviously while there was a lot more. It started with that. But over the years and also being
Serenna Beers: In addiction, the addiction lifestyle comes with its own set of trauma. Right.
Serenna Beers: And but working
Serenna Beers: Through that stuff.
Serenna Beers: Really really honestly was a game changer. It literally changed everything about me and life is so much better with that stuff not, you know, with not having the chronic headaches and the chronic stomach aches. It was just
Serenna Beers: It really did save my life. So I hope for you that you have, you know, the same sort of experience and we can help help you heal.
Kennerh Blaine: Yes, yeah.
Serenna Beers: All right. One thing, Gabby, not I.
I'm
Kennerh Blaine: Is
Kennerh Blaine: Last year, she asked me a question about where I wanted to be. And what I wanted to do.
Kennerh Blaine: I told her I wanted to be Kenny two point O, which meant
Kennerh Blaine: I want to work on this. I want to get past it and still be able to use my tools.
Kennerh Blaine: To heal.
So sure
Serenna Beers: Well, I think that that is a common goal. So I think that we can help you achieve achieve that you do the work and I just don't see how you couldn't get to that Kenny 2.0 and I'm gonna write that down. Because that is pretty clever.
Serenna Beers: Kenny.
Serenna Beers: 2.0. I love it. That is cool.
Serenna Beers: Well, Kenny. We will talk next Thursday. Well, I'll see you in group tonight. I think right
Kennerh Blaine: Tomorrow, oh no years. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Friday. Friday. That's right. Well, I'll see you in group tomorrow.
Brand
Kennerh Blaine: Okay.
Serenna Beers: And I'm
Serenna Beers: Jill, then yeah, stay safe and stay and stay well.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah. Yes. You also
Serenna Beers: All right, you have
Kennerh Blaine: A wonderful rest of your day.
Kennerh Blaine: You do.
Serenna Beers: Okay, bye bye bye